Make compat version support more explicit (#15997)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/additional-setup/compatibility-versions/index.md

## When should I use compatibility versions?

> Compatibility versions should be used only when an incompatibility between releases exists, as a temporary measure. Eventually, you will need to migrate to the new behavior.
> 
> Compatibility versions for a release will be removed and will no longer be supported when the release they refer to reaches end-of-life. Refer to the [https://istio.io/latest/docs/releases/supported-releases/#support-status-of-istio-releases](current Istio release support status chart for the status of specific releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatibility versions should be used only when an incompatibility between releases exists, as a temporary measure. You should plan to migrate to the new behavior as soon as practical.

Compatibility versions for a release will be removed, and will no longer be supported, when the release they refer to reaches end-of-life. Refer to the [current Istio release support status chart](https://istio.io/latest/docs/releases/supported-releases/#support-status-of-istio-releases) for the status of specific releases.
```

Reviewer: Made the language stronger, active, and fixed the markdown for your link.

Author: the one thing my brain refuses to remember is whether markdown links are []() or [](). it's very annoying.

Author: okay actually it refuses to remember a lot of things, but that's the one that annoys me the most.

> Compatibility versions for a release will be removed, and will no longer be supported, when the release they refer to reaches end-of-life. Refer to the [current Istio release support status chart](https://istio.io/latest/docs/releases/supported-releases/#support-status-of-istio-releases) for the status of specific releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatibility versions for a release will be removed, and will no longer be supported, when the release they refer to reaches end-of-life. Refer to the [current Istio release support status chart](/docs/releases/supported-releases/#support-status-of-istio-releases) for the status of specific releases.
```

Reviewer: that will be your broken lint I guess
